This extension and its contents, except for files in which it is stated
otherwise, are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the
License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/

Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
License.

Alternatively, the extension and its contents, except for files in which
it is stated otherwise, may be used under the terms of either of the GNU
General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or the GNU Lesser
General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"), in which case 
the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead of those 
above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this extension or any
part of its contents, for which different licensing is not specified,
only under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow 
others to use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL,
indicate your decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them
with the notice and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL, or
by deleting this file and specifying license information for constituent
files or directories. If you do not delete the provisions above, a
recipient may use your version of this extension or version of a
part of its contents under the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the
LGPL.

The code was originally based on the HebMailPack extension.

Contributors:
  Eyal Rozenberg <eyalroz@technion.ac.il>
  Asaf Romano <mozilla.mano@sent.com>
  Ilya Konstantinov <mozilla-code@future.shiny.co.il>i
  Zack Ajmal
  Ayman Hourieh
  Reuven Gonen <linxspider@gmail.com>
